# Olamide_Portfolio
Olamide Olayinka Data Science Portfolio 

# Project 1: Video Game Remastering Classifier 
The Gaming industry is a huge indutry with it's marjet sizd currently valued at $86 Billion in just the alone. This consits of the several gaming platforms and consoles accesible today. Platforms/Consoles such as the Playstation( PS5 latest model), Xbox One(latest model) or the Nintendo Switch as well as PC games. All coming from their respective publishing companies such as Sony, Microsoft, Nintendo and so on. As the industry continues to grow and technology evloves, new systems tend to be developed, with better graphics, better frame rates and more ineratice capabilities for the users. While ew games tend to be developed, many users tend to desire playing the games they enjoyed growing up that may be from older systems or froma time when technology was limited. Where the graphics were limited and maybe not in 4k resoluton as many games are now. Thus introducing remastering and remaking these games.

# Project 2: Spotify’s Movie Division Algorithm
Spotify is launching a new Movie Divison. We are contracted Data Scientist tasked with creating a reccomendation system for their new movie stream service. We want to compete with other streaming platforms such as Netflix, Hulu, Amazon Prime. Since they are new to the market, they want to ensure that their Reccomendation System is accurate and reliable. So we are building a model that reccomends the top 5 movies to a user based on their ratings on other movies. It can be hard as a user trying to sort out what to watch when given so many options. Many people have experience something refered to as "Streaming fatigue". That feeling of burnout when faced with so many choices when looking for original content to watch. So with our algorithm. We will address that.

# Project 3: Churn at Flatiron Communications
The stakeholder is Flatiron Communications. The stakeholder has approached us to find out how they can reduce churn with their company. So we are tasked with building a classifier to predict whether a customer will ("soon") stop doing business with our stakeholder. Optimize to reduce amount of money lost due to churn. This is a binary classification problem.

So what is the layout of the cellular market and what is “Churn”? There is currently massive competition between 6 major cellular providers. “Churn” is a jargon term that effectively means customer turnover. There is a major problem with churn within the industry as new cellular customers are arriving at an all time low and with an average Churn Rate 22% per year. 9 out of 10 customers have churned in the last 5 years with about 1/2 of that Churn being attributed to nonpayment. Given that 1 in 4 customers are churning each year, retaining those existing customers has never been more important.
